First day of ComSci
Most of the class starts with some sort of orientation infos, but this class was a bit different. We were given this unkown
code and the teacher just let us solve it. Few moments later we all figure it out that it was some ROT13 and crack the code but
after that we actually went library to find more clues.
Overall it was very active and enthusiasing.


Day 2 of ComSci class we leaned how to use mac's terminal.
Overall it was a bit complicated but I found it pretty interesting learning cmds.
I have a really bad memorizing skills so I deffinetly need to revisit these cmds frequently.
We covered basic areas by using basic knowledges of computer science. To be honest I didn't know what "IP" stands for and now I
know.

9/4 19
Revisiting terminal cmds and also expanding our field. Today we created some program by using terminal.
Compare our skill level right now with the bigining of the year, it improved a lot but since we're doing step by step each
class, I found that it is pretty easy and well understandable. Also each activities are very interesting every day so I really
enjoying the class.

9/6 19
Today, we created some programs by using terminal. We earn some knowledge of loop code and created some simple game.
It started to become a bit complicated but still I'm enjoying my class.
Every day we get new concepts and developing little but efficiently.

9/11 19
learning while loops.
we learned several loops today. Starting from last class, my brains are really struggling to understand what is happening
and to memorize. It is better to train taking more efficient notes and revisiting it. It's better late than never. I have
to create that routine for my future academic years.

9/16 19
learning for loops.
First half of the class, we review our homework that teacher gave us over the weekend. I struggle completing it.
By looking at other people's code line, I can easily understand what is happening, but I am struggling to actually creating
that line by myself.
After that we posted on Github. So the other classmates can go through your work.
I definetly need to review our cover area after every class, so I can go on same page with everyone.

9/18 19
Reading textbooks and learnt some Markdowns.
Half of today's lesson was about reading textbook and summarising that on google docs. We scroll through several chapters to
learn from the letters.
After that we learned how to use Markdown cmds. Similar with HTML and css it is pretty easy to master.
Lastly, we created some program that can creates 100 file by itself. Also we created counter program that deletes 100 files
from the folder.

9/27 19
We created some "frame" program throughout the courses. It seems really simple but when we opened the box,it took us a while
to complete the program.
We mainly used for loops today. Since I wasn't attending the last class, it was really hard for me to catch up with all of my
classmates but it was challenging and fun activity.

9/30 19
Developing our car rental program. We created "create" file which can make user to add new cars to the data. 
Also combined that "create" file by outputting by using "frame" file we created last class.
Our project is not done yet, but I'm enjoying learning many new thinkings and mind sets.
